Article 42: Top 10 Cashback Website Lists: Save Money on Your Shopping

Image: pexels.com 
What is a Cashback Website?
A cashback website is a platform of partnerships with retailers who pay commissions for customers brought to their store. Service providers and retailers use the cashback website to pay back a small amount to affiliates or websites that successfully refer transactions to them. The rewards may be in terms of percentage of sales made or a flat rate for each action, depending on each cashback website’s policies. 
How Does Cashback Website Work? 
A cashback website allows affiliates to earn commissions from purchases generated. They partner with top brands which pay them commission for referring buyers to their stores, and the best cashback websites share the commission with affiliates who use their links to purchase. 
The cashback sites accumulate earnings in small portions of commission for every transaction made. Once the earnings reach a certain amount, they are withdrawable to the bank account or other financial payout options, such as mobile banking. 
The monetary reward is automatically generated when a purchaser buys through the cashback website or an attached affiliate link. The purchase is confirmed before the commission can be received; hence most affiliate links are trackable. 
Cashback sites pay site users in order to motivate them to continue making transactions via the site. With the rewards, these users are also able to refer friends and family increasing the usage of the sites. The more people use the website to make purchases, the more the site accumulates its earnings.
Top 10 Cashback Websites for You to Save Money
1. CouponDunia
CouponDunia is one of the best websites for cash backs and is arguably the biggest discount and cashback website in India. It has over 2000 listed brands stores with high cash back offers from where you can purchase and earn. 
Key Features of CouponDunia
Promo code- This entails a special code which, when applied to a purchase, gives some amount off from the total price. 
Coupons- Particular products have vouchers that give discounts.
Deals of the day- This is an offer on specific products on a particular day or flash sales, mainly through email invitations.
Mobile App users, such as a buy one get one free deal. 
CouponDunia Cashback Rate 
The cashback rate on CouponDunia varies depending on the offer available at a specific online store. The range is between 1% to 20% CouponDunia cashback depending on category and sOffers- The CouponDunia site has a mobile app with special offers for mobile tore. 
How to get Started With CouponDunia
CouponDunia has four simple steps to be followed in order to get started; browse,activate  shop and earn cashbacks. 
Step 1: Browse by visiting the CouponDunia website.
Step 2: Activate by first tapping on Activate Cashback, Show Coupon Code, or Get Deal.
Step 3: You will get redirected to the store's website where you can shop by initiating and completing the purchase and payment process.
Step 4: You will see a notification of successful transaction tracking in a few minutes and the commission amount added to your account as your earning for using the site. 
2. Befrugal
This is an online website for cashback and coupons that enables earning through promotional spending and bonuses. The website partners with multiple retailers to enhance cash rewards for users after their in-person spending.
Key Features of Befrugal
Browser integration-The site works with cookies and hence keeps track of the transactions to update cashback amounts and give lots of deals.
Mobile app- Befrugal's website also has a mobile app for smartphone shoppers.
Befrugal referral program- Users who successfully refer others to join the website get bonuses of $10 of BeFrugal referral promotion. The referral link program has grown in popularity. 
Couponomatic- This latest feature adds all eligible ads to the user's shopping cart. 
Befrugal Cashback Rate
The cashback amounts on Befrugal vary based on the store shopped at. The average rate to earn cash back is between 2% and 15% on BeFrugal. Befrugal users can earn up to 40% in some of the stores.
Getting Started With Befrugal
Step 1: Go to the official website of Befrugal.
Step 2: Click on the Join Now tab at the top of the page
Step 3: Sign up by keying in your details, email, and password or linking an account such as Google or Facebook.
Step 4: Use the search bar to find the store you want and check the listed cashback offers. 
Step 5: Click on the retailer or store and read the cashback terms to understand the purchases that qualify.
Step 6: Start shopping by tapping on the Shop Now tab.
3. Shopkick 
Shopkick is a mobile app cashback site where one can easily shop and earn rewards. It is also another one of the best websites for cash backs Since 2009, Shopkick has partnered with different stores to keep it going. The site is free to join, and you don't have to spend money to earn gifts or rewards.
Key Features of Shopkick
Mobile App- Shopkick is a rewards mobile app for Android and iOS users.
Gift cards-It is different that you don't have to spend money to earn rewards. 
Kicks- Through this feature rewards can be redeemed. Kicks are earned by watching ad videos, following Shopkick on social media, referring to others, and scanning items.
Shopkick Cashback Rate
Earnings on Shopkick vary based on individual efforts and the type of activity done. One store may offer 15% rewards for all purchases made through Shopkick. The rewards on Shopkick are mostly 250 kicks for every dollar. You must have at least 500 kicks or more to redeem a gift. 
Getting Started With Shopkick
To get started on Shopkick, here are the steps to follow;
Step 1: Download and open the Shopkick app
Step 2: Choose a gift card that you will work to earn. The selection can be changed anytime.
Step 3:Enter your sign-up details and a password to register. Allow location permission for the app to direct to nearby kicks.
Step 4: Start earning kicks towards your goal.
4. Rakuten.com
Rakuten.com is a cashback app and website founded in 1998. It has given its customers cashback for purchases. You have to purchase items using a Rakuten account to earn cashback.
Key Features of Rakuten.com
Mobile app- The cashback website has Android and iOS apps for easy shopping to earn cashback. 
Cashback Button browser extension- Rakuten.com enables browser extensions for easy sign-up and shopping to get started to ease access on any device.
In-store cashback- For the few people who shop at their local stores and not online, Rakuten.com enables them to earn cashback by linking their debit or credit cards. 
Favorites List- Rakuten.com has partnered with over 3500 stores which users can filter to make their favorite list to earn cashback.  
Rakuten.com Cashback Rate
The company gives cash back between 1% and 40% on almost any purchased item. The average cashback on Rakuten.com was $63.50 in 2020.
How to Get Started With Rakuten.com
Step 1: Open the Rakuten website or mobile app to start. 
Step 2: Select the preferred store to start shopping
Step 3: Shop the normal way and leave Rakuten to update your cashback rewards in your account automatically.
Step 4: Get paid in your preferred ways, such as PayPal or bank. 
5. Gopaisa
Gopaisa is a coupon and cashback website for online shoppers. The website's discounts and coupons have different industry ranges, including travel, books, electronics, lifestyle, etc.
Key Features of Gopaisa
Multiple industries partnerships- Gopaisa has partnered with brands from numerous industries for various products and offers.
Early- This is a feature to help users earn more money with ease.
Mobile app- Gopaisa has both a website and an app to enhance ease of access for shoppers.
Refer and Earn- Gopaisa users can earn a 10% commission for new registrations through the GoPaisa referral program.
Gopaisa Cashback Rate
Like many other best cashback websites, the earnings rate varies from one store to another. Top stores such as Amazon can offer up to 10% cashback rewards. They have unique offers for their users and offer the highest cashback in online shopping.
How to Get Started With Gopaisa
Step 1: Sign up through the website or mobile app. 
Step 2: Check the products and offers with discounts in different categories.
Step 3: Purchase the product or service from the selected retailers. 
Step 4: Cashbacks are updated once the purchase is confirmed and credited into the user account. 
6. Mypoints
Mypoints is an online rewards platform for gift cards and cash for completing shopping tasks and surveys. It has existed since 1996. 
Key Features of Mypoints
Daily Deals- A time-sensitive feature to earn more points through the given task instructions. 
MyPoints Payout- You earn points from tasks and get to withdraw once your earnings are $25 or more. 
Score Browser Bar- A browser-compatible plugin to sync your purchases and tasks conveniently and update earned points.
Mypoints Cashback Rate
The rate for Mypoints is 1 dollar for 250 points. The cashback company states that users get up to 40% cashback  for every purchase in over 2000 stores. 
How to Get Started with Mypoints
Step 1: Sign up to join Mypoints
Step 2: Complete tasks to earn points and gifts.
Step 3: Redeem the points to make purchases or convert them to cash to withdraw.
7. Kidstart
Kidstart is a free cashback website for parents to earn cashback for their children below six years. It aims to support kids to a brighter future. 
Key Features of Kidstart
Kidsave- It is a program where your child's account is updated for every shop made by the parent for the future. 
For parents- Kidstart is specifically aimed at parents to enhance cashback for the purchases made for their children. 
Kiddybank- This is where the cash back rewards are saved for withdrawal.
Kidstart Cashback Rate
The earnings vary depending on the frequency of shopping, the store choice, and the differences in cashback rates for stores. The range is decent, between 2% and 10% cashback, but the average cashback on KidStart is at 1.80%.
How to Get Started With Kidstart
Step 1: Fill out the registration form and confirm the email link.
Step 2: Set up the recipients of your cashback offers.
Step 3: Search for retailers or stores and start shopping.
Step 4: Save and grow your earnings for your child. 
8. Cashkaro 
It is a cashback, coupon website, and an app where you earn whenever you purchase from the partner stores. 
Key Features of Cashkaro 
Cashbacks- even without discounts. 
Bank transfer option- where you can load cash, shop and earn cashbacks. 
Integrated redeeming- The cashback earned from one store doesn't have to be necessarily redeemed, but on any site listed.  
CashKaro Cashback Rate
The earning rate varies from one store to another based on available offers. The average cashback range on CashKaro is between 2% and 20%. 
How to Get Started with Cashkaro
Step 1: Sign up for free to create an account 
Step 2: Find the stores and brands from which to make purchases
Step 3: Click on the available offers to get discount deals.
Step 4: Activate the offer and visit the site redirected.
Step 5: Make purchases and earn cash back. You will get updates in your account.
9. Quidco
A cashback website refers customers to select stores and shops for discounts and rewards. Quidco earns commission and passes over the procedure to users to earn. 
Key Features of Quidco
Basic account- This is free to join and can be upgraded anytime to premium for more benefits. 
Premium account- Premium accounts have more offers than basic, and a subscription is deducted from the available cashback amount. 
Mobile app- A mobile app that is essential for shoppers who use phones. 
Quidco Cashback Rate
Quidco matches the competitor rates to give 15% cashback. The final cashback rate is about 15.3% after Quidco adds 2% of the 15%.
How to Get Started with Quidco
Step 1: Create a Quidco account and log in
Step 2: Find the stores or retailers with interesting cashback rates
Step 3: Tap on the get cashback tab, which will redirect to the store.
Step 4: Make purchases and get your earnings updated.

10. Extrabux
It is a multinational coupon and cashback website with over 10000 lifted stores. Extrabux works as a comparison site and has since been acquired by Rakuten Rewards. 
Key Features of Extrabux
Lucky Draw- It has a raffle for its users, which is joined using the lucky draw card to get bonuses. 
Bonuses- Users receive bonuses when they achieve some requirements. 
Global availability- Extrabux is international hence worldwide usage.
Extrabux Cashback Rate
Extrabux claims that users can make up to 30% cashback rewards. The range is between 1% and 30% Extrabux cashback. Earnings vary depending on offers from different stores. 
How to Get Started with Extrabux
Step 1: Sign-up and log in on the Extrabux website. Fill out the registration form.
Step 2: Start making purchases and get cashback into your account.
Step 3: Claim your rewards.
CashBack Website FAQs
1. Do cashback sites work?
Yes, cashback websites are legit and work the same, with differences in fees, pay mode and cashback rewards format. Instead of directly shopping at the store, they give affiliate links to use to get commission, from which you get cashback.
2. Are cashback sites scams?
No, cashback websites simply split their commission to give cashbacks to site users. However, cashback is not always guaranteed, and the internet is a huge way to be scammed. Most cashbacks sites are legit and partner with popular stores. 
3. Can you always get the highest cashback?
You can always get the highest cashback by comparing available rebates for different stores. Shop and earn cash backs from the stores with the best deals to earn the highest cashbacks. 


 
